# Snakes
Hello! Today's program is the classic Snake game. You begin with your "snake" (which begins as a cube or block whichever you prefer to call) and the goal is to keep going and eating the fruit until you create a long snake like chain. Its a classic game that has been around for years and lets see how we build this game.
# Programs used to build this game
As you notice this program is built by HTML and Javascript. This is a very simple game that has a canvas board with the player able to control with the directional keys on his computer. CSS can be used for example you could make the canvas a bit more traditional looking. Make it an actual grid so it could be easier to control your snake when to make the turn and devour the fruit. You can even add add colors and have the board as a unqiue color never seen before. The choice is yours!
# Game Function
Building this game although fun is very complicated. The first thing we start of with is the amount of columns and rows. This dictates how big our canvas is going to be. If you notice I have done a 30x30 because its the right size where you can see both the movement of the snake and the fruit. You can go smaller or bigger but it depends on your display and how big you want to make the canvas. Next we set three variables. The first variable is the empty one which takes into account the boxes that are not occupied by a snake or a fruit. If you fail to have this variable you will have nothing in your canvas. The next variable is the snake the one that will be moving the most and is controlled by you the player. The final variable is the fruit (pretty self explanatory the snakes gotta eat right!)
The next set of variables deal with the controls of the snake itself. Obviously we want the snake to go our basic controls, Up,Down,Left,Right.After we give those a value we actually have to enter a code that all programs have for directional uses. Without these codes nothing will happen. 
# WORK IN PROGRESS WILL BE FINISHED SOON
